[Music]
12 smartphone combinations for any
confusing situation you can unlock the
hidden powers of your smartphone with
some secret combinations
call-waiting better signal and even a
way of tracing your gadget if it gets
stolen they are all waiting for you to
try them out
most of these combinations work for both
iPhones and androids find out your IMEI
number what on earth is an IMEI number
and why do I want to find it out
well the IMEI is a number unique to your
device you can use the same method to
check your IMEI number for Android
Windows Phone and even some old phones
the IMEI is used to know some of the
device's features the manufacturing date
and date of purchase weren't the
information and check if it was lost or
repaired do you want to try it out now
then dial star pound zero six pound on
your phone there you go you can see your
IMEI number now if you type it in at
websites like IMEI dot info you will
find out a lot of useful information
about your device now this is very
important if your phone has been stolen
give the IMEI number to the police and
they'll be able to trace its location
find out information about calls
messages and other data forwarding we
all have those moments when we really
can't pick up the phone like when the
final episode of the final season of
your favorite TV show is on and you were
waiting for three years to get there not
the best time to hear about your aunt's
new coach right you don't have to drop
her calls let the phone forward her
directly to your voicemail dial star
pound 21 pound to see what's your
current call forwarding situation more
than that this combination will help you
to get information about forwarding
settings whether or not someone else
receives your calls messages and other
data find out information about a phone
number that receives your data via
forwarding settings if forwarding
settings are on star pound six to pound
will show the phone number that receives
data calls messages faxes etc it better
be a number you know people normally use
their home number office number or the
phone of someone you trust to pick up
the calls for you if you see some
suspicious-looking number there try
contacting your service provider to see
if that number has something to do with
them switch off forwarding
when you are ready to face the world and
all it has to tell you about again you
can go back to receiving your phone
calls the combination pound pound
0:02 pound will switch off all current
forwarding settings
hi your phone number from another user
it doesn't matter if you want to make a
prank or you want anonymity for some
other reason and you just need to hide
your number this one time there is a
solution for you pound three one pound
phone number makes a call while hiding
your phone number from the person you're
calling it works only with a current
call but it will be enough to hide your
number from a Craigslist seller or a new
nail artist you found on Instagram remap
the power button if you ever feel like
experimenting with what your power
button does to your phone try this
by default it gives you some options to
choose from going silent switching to
airplane mode or shutting your phone
down
dialing star pound star pound seven five
nine four pound star pound star will let
you change your power button functioning
you can set it to switching off your
phone without asking any extra questions
this code should work only on Android
find out information about the call
waiting function being popular feels
good but it also means that sometimes
there is more than one person at a time
trying to reach you if you don't want to
cut them off star pound for three pound
will work like a charm for you when
you're speaking to someone via phone and
someone else is trying to call you the
call waiting function is responsible for
further actions if it's disabled a
person hears the busy tone and their
call ends and it probably makes them
quite upset
activate call waiting star for
three-pound activates call waiting it
will keep you informed on when a second
call is trying to come through and even
let you choose to answer that call right
away
no more missed important calls and upset
friends or even worse grandma
check the speakers this trick will work
on Samsung Galaxy phones if you ever
have problems with your audio and your
favourite tracks won't play try dialing
star pound seven three five three pound
you will see a list of options to choose
from what you want to pick is speaker
once you do you will hear loud music
playing if that happens it obviously
means your speaker is alright if it
doesn't play you have a good reason to
get your phone fixed if you are an
iPhone user who has some audio problems
I can't give you a secret code but can
recommend checking if your headset is
unplugged and also if your sound is not
playing somewhere else via bluetooth
sounds easy but that's often the reason
for a mute speaker find out full
information about a mobile network the
combination star three zero zero one
pound one two three four five pound
star will take you to your phone's field
mode and show all the information about
your SIM card in a pop-up menu you can
find out the efficiency of the mobile
network and the signal level in numerals
for example it's rather convenient to be
able to go around the office and find
the best signal level following the
exact numbers and not little signal
balls you get by default a score of
around minus 50 is good enough for
streaming HD videos if you see something
close to minus 120 it might take a good
long while for that funny cat picture
you wanna load find out the phone number
of your service center star pound five
zero zero five star seven six seven two
pound
this command allows you to find the
phone number of your carrier service
center it can be useful if you need to
contact them with any phone related
issues you might experience have you
tried these codes did they work share
your results in the comments if you
found this video useful give us a thumbs
up if it gets 50,000 likes we'll share
more smartphone secrets subscribe to our
channel to always stay on the bright
side
you